Add override for default provider path (#214)
cyberark/summon: README.md

* `-p, --provider <path-to-provider>` specify the path to the
[provider](provider/README.md) summon should use.

>     If the provider is in the default path, `/usr/local/lib/summon/`,
>     `%ProgramW6432%\Cyberark Conjur\Summon\Providers` on Windows, or defined by `SUMMON_PROVIDER_DEFAULT_PATH`
>     you can just provide the name of the executable. If not, use a full path.

Reviewer: this reads a little weird now - how about
```suggestion
    If you do not provide Summon with the full path to the provider, Summon will look for the
    named executable in the directory defined by the `SUMMON_PROVIDER_DEFAULT_PATH`
    environment variable. If this environment variable is not set, Summon will look by default
    in /usr/local/lib/summon/` on Linux / Mac or `%ProgramW6432%\Cyberark Conjur\Summon\Providers`
    on Windows. 
```

Author: I've cleaned up this change in the README
